# Careeer-Guidance-Mnagement-System
The proposal is: Group name: revoCoders (revolutionary coders) 😁 Group members: Tinashe , Calvin, Sheilah and Esinah.  Roles: Esinah - development of the Android App which will be integrated with database of the web based system which will be using HTML css JavaScript and php with MySQL database. Sheilah - UIX design to increase the user interaction with the interface through creative and visual creation of forms and landing pages. Tinashe - integrate the front end to the database.. Using php. The main job is to integrate the php system to the database and the front end design.  Calvin - Populate all the modules of the system to assure it mets all the requirement which have been proposed or which are being aimed to be solved by the project. The system analysis as to check the all the functions of the systems and the user requirements. Also responsible for the integration of the Android App with the web based System. Problem Abstract which results in this project proposal: The lack of preparation to navigate the changing work place can be tied specifically to lack of career knowledge and awareness. More than half high school students say no one in their schools has been helpful in advising on career options to further their education. Without structured guidance activities young people tend to drift through their high school education without gaining knowledge of all the career opportunities available to them or skills that are required. While conseling structure designed to help students gain career awareness are in place within the educational system the field of school based guidance and counseling is itself confronted with great challenges that make it more difficult to provide students with strong career guidance. Hence We are proposing the Career Guidance Management System with intervention of Android app (Android) with web application ( HTML CSS Javascript and PHP) and vitality database architecture(MySQL). As a group we need to assure that the system will help in the opportunities identification and embrace the by the students after school or during through personal development from the provision of the system.
